Lexical is term which means 'in hierarchy' or 'in sequence'.

Lexical environment is a environment of local memory plus lexical environment of
it's parent scope.

example:

function a(){
    var a = 10;
    funtion c(){
        var b = 100;
    }
}

We say function 'c' is lexically sitting inside function 'a'.
Lexical environment of c() will have both 'b' and 'a' accessible.

There will be one reference variable in local lexical environment which
will point to lexical environment of it's parent.
But in case of global execution context, this reference points to null.

This process of finding variables in local environment then going to its parent via
refence variable then going to global execution context to find the variable, this process
is called 'Scope chaining in javascript'.
And this stucture which is formed using reference variable is called
'Scope chain'.

Lexical environment = Local memory + refernce to lexical enviroment of the parent (lexical parent, where the parent physically seats).

Summary : 

1. Scope of a variable is directly dependent on the lexical environment.
2. Whenever an execution context is created, a lexical environment is created. Lexical environment is the local memory along with the lexical environment of its parent. Lexical as a term means in hierarchy or in sequence.
3. Having the reference of parent's lexical environment means, the child or the local function can access all the variables and functions defined in the memory space of its lexical parent.
4. The JS engine first searches for a variable in the current local memory space, if its not found here it searches for the variable in the lexical environment of its parent, and if its still not found, then it searches that variable in the subsequent lexical environments, and the sequence goes on until the variable is found in some lexical environment or the lexical environment becomes NULL.
5. The mechanism of searching variables in the subsequent lexical environments is known as Scope Chain. If a variable is not found anywhere, then we say that the variable is not present in the scope chain.

To concise things:

0) Lexical environment = EC's Local Memory + Reference to Lexical Environment of its parent.

1) Lexical Environment of its parent is the scope where a function is physically present or defined. So, suppose a function x(), is defined and invoked in the GEC, when function x()'s EC is pushed in the call stack, it stores a reference to its parent's lexical environment i.e. the GEC's memory.

2) Whenever a new Execution Context is pushed in the Call Stack it holds a reference to the Lexical Environment of its parent, i.e. the EC's memory from where it was invoked.

3) Global execution context holds reference to null.

4)  Javascript engine first looks for the variable/function being accessed in the local scope of the function, and if not found, it keeps on searching the lexical environment of its parent until it finds the variable/function being accessed.

5) The mechanism mentioned in point 4 above is called SCOPE CHAIN.

6) If the variable accessed is not found in the Scope Chain, then you will get the variable is not defined error in the  browser's console.